I think it's a form that seems to come
out at lunch.
What is it?
I think it's a standard form.
I think it's a form that seems to come
out at lunch.
I've never heard of it.
Thank you.
We have a lot of food in front of us.
Wow.
We have a lot of beef tongue bento
today.
I'm glad.
I'm really glad.
You can buy all of these at Sendai
station.
Wow.
I didn't know that Sendai station has a
lot of bento.
We can eat them for 3 days.
That's right.
If you want to know the recommended
menu, please eat it.
If you want to eat all of them, you can
eat them for 3 days.
Asahi-e-Ban-to.
We will announce the best beef tongue
bento at the end.
Let's eat.
Let's go.
This is Rikyu-san's bento.
Rikyu-san's bento.
It's amazing.
It's like a Japanese style bento.
Please subscribe to my channel.
Thank you for watching this video.
Mmm discovery
Yes yes
More
I want to go to the toilet
When I went to the hospital, I saw this
Oh, I see
It's like a condom
It's on the internet
Wow
Thank you for the meal
It's good.
It's stable.
I can feel the beef tongue.
The juice is great.
It's just like the one in the
restaurant.
It's good.
Raw miso is good.
It's a little spicy.
Isn't it?
It's like teriyaki.
Please subscribe to this channel.
I'm sure I'll eat it.
It's like a lunch box, but it's like a
shop.
It's a different taste.
It's amazing to start talking.
It's the best.
It's a first time for me.
It's a good curry rice.
It's a good place to eat in Tokyo.
It's a big street.
It was good.
Thank you for watching.
Where is the next lunch box?
This is Date's beef tongue hot pot.
Date's beef tongue hot pot
Wow!
Please subscribe to my channel!
I like this one!
It has miso in it.
I like it!
I like shiso roll!
It's good!
Two more?
It's different.
I like rice and shiso roll.
Shiso roll and...
Wow!
Have you ever eaten it?
No.
Wow!
Let's eat!
It looks different.
It's different from meat.
It's meaty.
It's soft.
It's like meat.
Isn't it?
It is.
It's well seasoned.
It's more like...
How can I say?
It's like jerky.
I know.
I'll try shiso roll.
I'll eat it.
Itadakimasu.
It's good!
Please subscribe to my channel!
Do you like it?
I like it.
I like the miso nangban.
It's a little bit spicy than Rikyu.
It's a little bit spicier than Rikyu.
It's a little bit strong.
It's good!
I like it.
It's spicy.
But I like it.
But it's spicy.
I like it.
Thank you for watching!
The three of them have a completely
different look.
That's it.
I'm impressed.
The concept is important.
It's important.
The ratio of mochi and wheat is also
different.
That's right.
There are many types of yakisoba.
There is only one tail soup.
It's a battle.
Let's have a battle.
I will eat it.
What do you think of the tail soup?
Please let me eat it.
It's soft.
I don't buy it.
Please let me eat it.
I will eat it.
The taste of charcoal is strong.
It's soft.
It's the thinnest I've ever eaten.
It's good.
Please let me eat it.
What's the matter?
Is it spicy?
I can't bite it.
Really?
I'm stuck and I'm about to die.
I'm sorry.
It's good.
It's spicy, isn't it?
This one is spicier.
It's spicy.
Really?
The one I just ate was spicier.
I'll have the tail soup.
What will you do with the teriyaki?
Hmm
I recommend it to those who want to
feel the charcoal
That's right, it's for those who like
it
Is there anyone like that?
It's for those who might like charcoal
I think there is
It's like the one you can feel from the
bento
The flavor is the most different
Yes, yes
It also has the charcoal
What?
I didn't know you liked it that much
The end
Yes!
rouge course
See ya!
It's eggplant.
It's cute.
It's not a mochi.
It's a real one.
I've never seen it before.
It's a friend.
It looks like Kiyosuke.
It looks easy to bite.
It looks like a standard.
It's a standard.
It's a beef.
Let's eat.
It's soft.
It's good.
I like cold food.
I like eating cold food in the fridge
for 2 days.
Please subscribe to this channel.
I see.
It's good.
Cold rice.
Have you tried it?
I thought it was hard.
But, it's really good.
It's good.
It's different from what I like.
It's easy to eat because it's thick.
I like spicy food.
I'm not good at it.
I'm going to eat the beef tongue of
Ajinomoto.
Please subscribe to this channel.
Let's eat!
Itadakimasu!
It's so chewy.
It's amazing.
It's the most chewy.
It's thin, so I thought it would be
soft.
I thought so, too.
It's so chewy.
It's good.
It's a little sweet.
How is it?
It's a little bitter.
It's bitter.
How is it compared to the previous one?
It's the most bitter.
I think I love it.
I'll put it in my head.
You'll get used to it.
It's not just one bite.
I've had many bites.
It's so chewy.
It's the most impressive.
I felt the fat.
It's not the fat that comes out when
you bite it.
It's the original fat.
It was delicious.
Thank you for watching.
Now, we're going to use liquid
soysauce.
It's a liquid that can warm up
everything.
Wow.
Ready, set, go.
It sounds good.
Fireworks.
The smoke is amazing.
This is a medium-sized firework.
Wow.
It's good to have warm rice.
I'm about to cry.
I know.
Fireworks.
It moved to mothers.
we're night festival that eats two
boxes of lunch before weekends
Where are going to be those games?
Tastes like homemade food
Takeshima Ume
Bye bye.
Tsukune?
I'm surprised!
It's a Tamago!
Look!
It's a Tsukune with beef tongue!
Wow!
The beef tongue is thin.
It's thin, but there's a lot in it.
It's luxurious.
The bento over there and the beef
tongue are different.
They're different.
They are.
Let's eat!
It looks so good!
The egg is good.
Really?
I like the egg that is in the top 3 of
the list.
The egg?
The one with meat?
Yes.
It's good.
But, the taste is not different.
The thinness is different.
The tsukune is good.
Yes.
I was surprised by the egg.
I've never eaten the egg on the phone.
I want you to eat it.
It was good.
I like it.
The overall feeling of happiness.
I think so, too.
This is a beef tongue bento of
Komaishi.
Please subscribe to this channel.
Itadakimasu!
It's salty.
But I like it.
It's good to eat warm food.
It goes well with rice.
It's warmer than the one you made.
It's warm.
This is great.
It's like a freshly cooked rice.
It's a major bento.
Yes.
It's a lot of senrai.
I put a lot of bento.
To be continued...?
This is a bento box of beef tongue from
Hakuyoken.
Wow! It says beef tongue shio-yaki and
beef tongue soboro.
What?
To be continued?
Itadakimasu!
It's thin and soft, but it's the best.
It's light.
It's really butter, but it's a little
bit thicker than Kawaii-san's.
It's like I ate it.
It's soft.
It's good.
It's good because it's thin.
That's right.
It's well-balanced.
The thickness of the bed is limited, so
it's fun to have different styles.
I didn't feel the warmth.
Who doesn't want to get fat?
I don't.
I don't want to get fat.
I'll get fat when I shoot tomorrow.
I'll get fat.
This is the last one.
I heard that the last one is a bento
box with a shop on it.
Please subscribe to my channel!
I'm scared.
It's a lunch box with salt.
If I had this, I would eat it.
Let's eat.
Salt is good.
It doesn't have any taste.
It has salt.
Salt is good.
It's a match.
I can't eat it.
Salt is good.
Oh, you can take me and study.
Let's do grimace with this.
It was so good.
Print was better.
I feel it's good if you pick first.
We will announce the winners of the
take-out lunch box and the lunch box of
the stationery store.
Yeah!!!
We are going to open the package.
Let's start with the bento which you
planned.
Ready, go!
What is it?
Let's start with you two.
We are from ISEYA.
I have eaten many beef tongue
restaurants.
This is really soft.
We like fatty food.
So, it was delicious.
And, it was new.
I have never eaten such a beef tongue.
It was delicious.
I want to eat it again.
It was great.
I don't like hard beef tongue.
It is chewy.
It is stuck in my throat.
This is soft.
I can eat it even if I am a baby.
I see.
I like its softness.
I chose BQ.
It is chewy, tasty and soft.
I like this kind of beef tongue the
most.
I chose Date no Gyutan Honpo.
It has a strong taste, thickness and
chewiness.
I felt satisfied.
I felt like I was eating beef tongue.
I chose it.
The last one is BQ.
Ready, go!
I chose it.
It is amazing.
It is the same.
It is different.
I made a mistake.
Please tell us your impression.
Beef tongue is thin when it is a snowy
day.
But, it has eggs and beef tongue.
I can enjoy it.
I think it is good.
Please subscribe to this channel!
æ°æ°
I'm not sure.
I liked the salt.
I was impressed.
The name of this product is...
Salt lover.
I thought this product was particular
about salt.
But, it was not as good as I expected.
But, I could enjoy the taste of beef
tongue by adding salt.
All of them were delicious.
I was impressed with this product.
I want you to try this product.
I want you to enjoy the taste of salt.
Thank you very much.
The 9 products we prepared today are
available at Sendai station.
That's great.
You can buy them at Sendai station.
If you are interested in them, you can
buy them at Sendai station.
Please visit Sendai station.
I hope you enjoy them.
I hope so.
You can buy them at the station.
I want to eat various products.
Thank you very much.
Please try them.
Bye bye.
Is it recording?
Yes, it is.
It's so good.
We enjoyed the food.
I was thinking about eating beef tongue
yesterday.
I'm glad I didn't.
I knew that.
I was thinking about it.
I really wanted to eat beef tongue.
I knew that.